"There ain't no shame in looking for a better world" - Arthur Morgan
"Lack Of Something To Feel Important About Is Almost The Greatest Tragedy A Man May Have." - Arthur Morgan
"You don't know that you got a choice, son. No man can walk out on his own story." - Spirit
"Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands" - Clint Eastwood
"Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway." — John Wayne
"We can't change what's done, we can only move on." — Arthur Morgan
"A man’s got to know his limitations." — Harry Callahan
"You were only supposed to be a dream, but in the end, it was the dream that saved me." - Ofelia
"We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt." — Cooper
"Murphy's law doesn't mean that something bad will happen. It means that whatever can happen, will happen." — Cooper
"There is no evil here. There's no good. There's just people, and what they do." — Cooper
"Do not go gentle into that good night; old age should burn and rave at close of day. Rage, rage against the dying of the light." — Dr. Brand
"We’ve always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible." — Cooper
"Maybe we’ve spent too long trying to figure all this out with theory." — Cooper
"We are the ghosts of our children's future." — Cooper
"You said science was about admitting what we don’t know." — Murphy
"Our survival instinct is our single greatest source of inspiration." — Dr. Mann
"The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long." — Dr. Eldon Tyrell
"Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads." — Doc Brown
"You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling." — Eames
"An idea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. And even the smallest seed of an idea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you." — Cobb
"Dreams feel real while we're in them. It's only when we wake up that we realize something was actually strange." — Cobb
"All things change in a dynamic environment. Your effort to remain what you are is what limits you." — Puppet Master
"When you look long into an abyss, the abyss looks into you." — Dr. William 'Bill' O. Wilson
"The challenge is not to act automatically. It's to find an action that is not automatic, from somewhere inside you." — Ava
"Language is the foundation of civilization. It is the glue that holds a people together. It is the first weapon drawn in a conflict." — Dr. Louise Banks